Document seal_name parameter to entropy (#28123)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/configuration/entropy-augmentation.mdx

- `mode` `(string: <required>)`: The mode determines which Vault operations requiring
  entropy will sample entropy from the external source. Currently, the only mode supported
  is `augmentation` which sources entropy for [Critical Security Parameters (CSPs)](/vault/docs/enterprise/entropy-augmentation#critical-security-parameters-csps).
- `seal_name` `(string: '')`: Specifies which seal (by name) in a   [Seal HA](/vault/docs/concepts/seal#seal-high-availability) setup to use to  source entropy. 

>   By default, Vault sources entropy from the first available seal by increasing priority.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  By default, Vault sources entropy from the first available seal by increasing its priority.
```

Would this make sense? It reads better for me, but it's your call. I'm leaving an approval anyways 😄

Reviewer 2: Alternative suggestion to hopefully address some of the confusion:
```suggestion
  By default, Vault sources entropy from the first available seal moving from lowest to highest priority.
```

- `mode` `(string: <required>)`: The mode determines which Vault operations requiring
  entropy will sample entropy from the external source. Currently, the only mode supported
  is `augmentation` which sources entropy for [Critical Security Parameters (CSPs)](/vault/docs/enterprise/entropy-augmentation#critical-security-parameters-csps).

> - `seal_name` `(string: '')`: If present, specifies which seal (by name) in a [Seal HA](/vault/docs/concepts/seal#seal-high-availability)
>   setup will be used to source entropy.  If absent, entropy will be sourced from
>   the lowest priority seal, then the next lowest if the first was unavailable, and so on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `seal_name` `(string: '')`: Specifies which seal (by name) in a 
  [Seal HA](/vault/docs/concepts/seal#seal-high-availability) setup to use to
  source entropy. By default, Vault sources entropy in reverse priority order 
  from the available seals.
```

Style correction: write in active voice

Author: Made a compromise edit to keep the high availability nature of the seal priority clear.
